okay guys welcome back for another video
today is um me show you some of the
nicest kits in fifa 13 dive just gone
and picked up and i haven't bought them
but i just come through and scrolled
through looked at the nicest ones and
chose them and obviously this might
opinion and we all have different colors
so you might not like it but i might but
so am anyways this is in a small screen
because then it's not as laggy and
because some big screen it'll be a bit
like yeah but anyways first kit we have
is s FC barcelona kit away kit that it's
very nice sir ivan's faded into yellow
or the other way around but say very
nice kit and i've used it before it's on
girl for like six on the console that's
very good and then the next kit we have
the red ink it from her england this is
there away kit and they play a think
it's in um I don't know what league they
playing but it's a nice kid because it's
a yellow ones got a blue line across it
and it says Waitrose but that's not the
nicest kits but we're gonna go through
now and this is a very nice blanket
leeds united awake it it's kind of got
some right in there with so very nice
blue kit all around so moving on we have
the Sounders actually obviously the MLS
kits are very nice so the xbox kit and
something that I highly suggest new
normal we're going to go onto ranges
away kit it's a white just white bus got
a blue color that's what I like about it
not nicest kits and it should not be
plastic 2k and then next we have n think
its new york red bulls get away kit
their home kit is very nice as well by
don't pick one up and go for about 1.4 k
this is a bit old fastest one and very
nice blue with two red bulls and one
very big of inch circle
so moving on we have i've seen lot
loving home kit from France a nice
orange kit and then it's got the black
and white pattern which I like about it
and it splashed around 1.4 k and this is
overpriced as well that's why I picked
them up but and AFC Wimbledon part of me
AFC Wimbledon awake it's very nice
indeed it's got like a turn it's like
it's got like a really weird green color
and then it's got to well one white and
one blue line and then it's got that
badge well whoever that blue white black
fingers in the middle and then looks
very nice and I'm last 145 k and this
ladder is just like fucking put it up 4
407 k which is a bit too over fast the
next kit is a club work hard surveyor
place where I've really don't know the
Liga BBVA clubs but nice awake it is
kind of an oven just off engine that's
very nice and then we're moving on to I
think I Shamrock Rovers or some fun
knows now it's some the team
panathinaikos I think and it's got a
clever clover what you want to say right
on the center to the left or right I
know it's got white clover badge and
that's good adidas with a very nice i
think it's bluish or purplish color and
back of it so that's very nice moving on
now we have le galaxie herbalife kit
very nice it's got white and then it's
got a blue stripe which i don't like
about it and as we know all DM elastic
its are very nice and columbus crew home
kit or one of the bustle and it's got a
yellow kind of kit and then it's got a
black background on it so that's for
quite nice that i like and this is one
of the weirdest kids
a genius home kit have a BBVA line
strutting around that kit which is very
nice and I might actually have that for
my home kit there's a very nice indeed
and it's something that you don't see
every day now this kit um movie new
caffeine he wasn't in fifa 12 sp-got
shark charleroi it kind of looks like a
zebra zebra and it's from Belgium and
baljit com I think that says Belgic on
whoever and it's an ant used it yet but
it doesn't look the best in game but it
looks very nice and from looking it like
this and then we have the UNAM kids from
Mexico and this was a very nice kit in
fifa 12 as well person around two or 4k
here to 24 k and it's em orange with
some it's a blue I think it's a leopard
no leopard leopard sorry left hood right
we have the Ajax home clean out don't
wish for the Ajax home kit and it's got
a red backlog well from partners got
white band fun bonus indeed game for 2k
here don't we have that back say yes
will it s a home kit with yellow what
gone with black stripes I guess and it's
rising 16 k now with the Kaiser Chiefs
away kit which is a nice place around to
gay and real nice Vodafone budget the
middle so yeah guys this is the end of
the video might do a live episode and
pick us markets where we do have a wrist
sensor kit home get some time trade with
only have SP mattersburg which both our
own as well anyways thanks watching bye